%!
---
title: "Inter-domain Multi-relational Link Prediction"
collection: publications
permalink: /publications/ECML2021
venue: "ECML-PKDD 2021"
date: 2021-6-19
citation: 'b>Luu Huu Phuc</b>, Koh Takeuchi, Seiji Okajima, Arseny Tolmachev, Tomoyoshi Takebayashi, Koji Maruhashi, Hisashi Kashima. <i>European Conference on Machine Learning and Principles and Practice of Knowledge Discovery in Databases</i>. <b>ECML-PKDD 2021</b>.'
link: [Paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.06171)
---


## Abstract
Multi-relational graph is a ubiquitous and important data structure, allowing flexible representation of multiple types of interactions and relations between entities. Similar to other graph-structured data, link prediction is one of the most important tasks on multi-relational graphs and is often used for knowledge completion. When related graphs coexist, it is of great benefit to build a larger graph via integrating the smaller ones. The integration requires predicting hidden relational connections between entities belonged to different graphs (inter-domain link prediction). However, this poses a real challenge to existing methods that are exclusively designed for link prediction between entities of the same graph only (intra-domain link prediction). In this study, we propose a new approach to tackle the inter-domain link prediction problem by softly aligning the entity distributions between different domains with optimal transport and maximum mean discrepancy regularizers. Experiments on real-world datasets show that optimal transport regularizer is beneficial and considerably improves the performance of baseline methods. 

